README.md, before:

# flutter_web_preloader

[![Powered by Mason](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fmason-badge)](https://github.com/felangel/mason)

A brick that creates a smart web entrypoint for Flutter that pre loads its assets before starting the app

_Generated by [mason][1] 🧱_

## Flutter Web Preloader

This brick will override the `index.html` created by default when a flutter project
with the web platform is bootstraped.

The `index.html` file generated by this brick will add additional JavaScript code
in order to pre load assets used by the flutter app, ensuring that when the app is
presented to the user, the assets are already cached by the browser, preventing
that the application presents itself to the user in a "piece by piece" way.

While the assets are being preloaded, a realistic progress bar will be presented
to the user.

## Variables

 - `project_title`: The title of the project (defaults to the value on the `pubspec.yaml`).
 - `project_description`: The project description (defaults to the `name` attribute in the `pubspec.yaml`).
 - `batch_size`: How match assets will be loaded at the same time (defaults to `20`).
 - `canvaskit`: If the app uses `canvaskit` mode or not (defaults to `true`.



[1]: https://github.com/felangel/mason

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
Co-authored-by: Scarlett Eliza <scarlett@verygood.ventures>
Co-authored-by: Alejandro Santiago <dev@alestiago.com>

README.md, after:

# flutter_web_preloader

[![Powered by Mason](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fmason-badge)](https://github.com/felangel/mason)

A brick that creates a smart web entrypoint for Flutter that pre loads its assets before starting the app

_Generated by [mason][1] 🧱_

## Flutter Web Preloader

This brick will override the `index.html` created by default when a flutter project
with the web platform is bootstraped.

The `index.html` file generated by this brick will add additional JavaScript code
in order to preload assets used by the Flutter app. This ensures that when the app is
presented to the user, the assets are already cached by the browser and prevents
the application from loading piece by piece.

While the assets are being preloaded, a realistic progress bar will be presented
to the user.

## Variables

 - `project_title`: The title of the project (defaults to the value on the `pubspec.yaml`).
 - `project_description`: The project description (defaults to the `name` attribute in the `pubspec.yaml`).
 - `batch_size`: How match assets will be loaded at the same time (defaults to `20`).
 - `canvaskit`: If the app uses `canvaskit` mode or not (defaults to `true`).



[1]: https://github.com/felangel/mason
